This is a transcript for all the things I need to do to the Trident Cubed website and for the desktop mode in the hero section I need to make the animation for the typewriter text. I also need to do the count up animation for the stats. I need to add the icons to the buttons and before that though I need to get the iconify Telwind working for classes. That would a prerequisite to that, or not a prerequisite, but I would need to modify how I am pulling in the icons. I need to edit the icon component and also the button component. I need to figure out the header and replace the sign in with a phone number. The background image will change out to a video so a prerequisite to that would be creating the media component and the media component would be a lot the base component but for media type components to build upon works so they can extend the media component so Some examples of that would be the image component, video component, the icon component, and divider component, pattern component, these sorts of things. The buttons will need to change what they do, so the learn more will most likely need to play a video and I'll need to get a play icon for that and the contact cells would bring you to the contact section moving on to the about section I need to update the card component with the correct variant and something important the props need to all be shared between variants and not separate so that means I need to name the props in a way that are generic and can be applied to everything so this about section starts off with the contact variant or contact or profile which is way to see team members so this is going to need the image ratio 916 vertical mode it's going to image name title and position and a LinkedIn icon that will open up a window to their LinkedIn page. Later down the line, whenever you click on one of these, it'll open up a page where you can read more about them. Scrolling below that, is the about more of the about section oh I totally forgot so below the hero section there needs to be the trusted by logos and those are gonna be SVG logos and a flexbox And I need to use the flex grid component for that, which I created it, but it's not ready yet. I also need to do something different with the blue gradient. Because there's going to be a blue gradient across the screen. Then it needs to fade the black, and then the logos go on top of the black. Then the divider is after that to make a clean separation between the hero section and the about page. The. In the about section, This is the content. I need to get the content for this and the images. In mobile mode, these images are way too big because currently they're one-to-one ratio and they need to be 16-9 ratio instead on mobile. Later down the line, I need to add some more visual effects to these as you scroll. Some parallax, fading in from the. Yet. Scrolling down to the services section, So, this is pretty good, but I want to add some more visual effects here. A light pattern on the background. A dot grid pattern that fades. A light gradient. Between the title and taglines or title and subtitles I was wanting to put some kind of icon that wavy icon that separates it to give it a little bit more pizzazz and for the actual service cards it would be cool if we had that effect with the mouse follow that lights up the border behind it that would be cool there and yet if I'm going to add it to this version or not but would be nice to replace the label there with a add icon and that would be a button that you click that would kind of be a shopping cart effect and that way they could start saving what they're interested in and submitting it for a review or not review a quote next is the contact section and this needs to be a white background and not black And this is the place where I need to put the globe for locations and that sort of thing. It needs to have a small contact form here as. I need to talk about or show a bit of the locations and that sort of thing. What I did for. Them the first time.  Real quick on this section, or all the sections, the divider component, there's, it's working, but there's a little confusion around how I should color these and I tried to fix or I tried to color one yesterday and it wasn't working so I need to figure out why that's happening The Frequently Asked Questions section, so if the contact section is white, the FAQ section should And this is looking pretty good, but I need to modify or update the toggle component. If I click on it, it adds an active class, and then I can control the colors of the icons and that sort of thing. That might need to happen in the button component instead. Most likely the button component. After this section, where to put it, but I need a CTA that will be an all black background or some hints of blue that kind of kind of resemble the header that same blue gradient that you get a glimpse of this would be this would connect that same style and the CTA needs to be something ready to get started, contact cells, something that. It also might be cool to add something about careers here, interested in working with Trident. Or that needs to be a variant. Yet. After this, we need some sort of review or testimonial section that has some of their clients talking good about them. This will be a card component variant, called variant testimonial. It would consist of a quote a quote icon the description their name and title or company they work for and a small avatar image circle and These should kind of try and hit every possible client type that they might have The footer We need to have the copyright. We need to have some categories with links. Pretty much all the links that they could have. We need to have their social media icons. Some a ward or more icons towards a trust shield or little icons that kind of make everything seem more legit. Their logo needs to be in there somewhere and not the color logo it would need to be it depends on what color I'm going to choose for the footer because now it's the primary blue but if it stays that color need to change make the logo white or an off-white, or if we change it to black, we could use the color logo. Yet. Show their accolades there. One other thing that I was considering doing was so I watched Kevin Powell's video on breaking out of a layout not needing a container class and breaking out of the layout setting your container class at the highest level in the layout section, not layout section, the layout. Svelte page. Having the container there and then not putting a container anywhere else and being able to break out of it. I have sections everywhere and the layout or the container is the default. Whenever you need to break out of that, you can. I have some sort of version of that now, but. I'm not using the same method as Kevin. I'm using. A. Translate trick. While Kevin uses the. Grid. To do this with.  Which is better. Speaking of grid, I need to create a grid component and a flex component and these will be easy ways to slap on a section and it'll spit out a grid if I should use min max here or what but I need to set up the data objects and everything that I'm doing in every component I need to set up the data and use each blocks to iterate over it instead of doing everything by hand.  On the context section, I need to make a, I need to make the form inputs components. Then, those would be atoms. Then I would need to make a form component. That would be a molecule and an organism component called contact form. Or at least I need to do all that. One thing that would be beneficial here would be having a way to add in the Google contact form, being able to plug in the ID and it'll all work. That needs a little bit more exploration, another component that I need to create if I can do it in this version or not but I need a chat widget that will let me be able to plug in data and you can it's a chatbot widget a customer service chatbot where users could ask questions and it would answer so talking about the content I need to get in the Google Sheets and update all of their content and I need to create some kind of GPT that I can plug in the interview data with and it will fill everything in for me after that the next logical thing to do would be to generate images out of this stuff and then from the images I could generate video and then I could create the video background on video backgrounds real quick I was thinking about also having the other images, the videos, as you scroll through them, they would play. That could be for the About section or the services. It would make everything kind of come a bit more alive. Taking a look at the mobile mode for small screen sizes. The header could be a little bit smaller. The font for Trident Cubed needs to be smaller. It needs to be centered as so I can put a phone icon to the left so there should be a phone icon to the left logo in the center and the menu on the one small irritating thing now is whenever you click the menu there seems to be a jump, and this is due to a padding change. I need to figure out what that's all about and make that a little bit more fluid. The sun icon is kind of in a weird spot. I need to figure that out. Also, the divider is a little weird. It's too tall. I need to figure that out. The contact cards. Seem to take up a lot of space and I need to create some sort of effect component or effect prop that I could throw on any kind of grid and it would automatically give me the ability to animate it. It could be an infinite scroll from one side. It could move as the user scrolls the page. It could move left, it could move. It could be a swiper. That's where I can swipe through. I might need to change out the location of the images and content on mobile so it shows the image first and then the content. Again for the services it might make sense here to make them swipeable or smaller so you can see more of them So I'm looking at their current website. They're going to want to have their email shown somewhere. I need to create a privacy policy and terms of use. That needs to go in a dialog, but it needs to be at the bottom in the footer. They've got some original images here that I need to grab. I need to have an offices section that I need to put that in the contact section. I need to check out their services. They've got extended services there that I need to check out. Their newsfeed is a. List of all of their LinkedIn posts. . This. May or may not be a good idea to add. They have a video section that I need to look at. That's it. Go ahead and take everything that I've said here. Don't miss anything. Create a to-do list out of it.